Thus far in this course we will see old age to be Clyde.
And here's one super important thing I have to say right away.
Nothing wrong with using that old age decline and sticking to it.
It's still perfectly fine to use the new client simply gives you some additional features like interceptors
which can be nice if you don't need these features.
There is no need of changing the old service isn't secure or slower or anything like that.
It works absolutely fine and you can still use it.
Now with that out of the way let's use Didn't you client.
And for that we first of all have to unlock it.
We have to be able to use it in the app module.
Here we import the age to dippie module which gives us access to the age to dippie servers we're injecting
here which then gives us access to the port and get Methot.
Now since we want to use a new client I can get rid of the HTP Marchal import and all of the import
step it up here at the top end instead.
I want to import new HTP client module now.
This module has to be imported at the top to use so that typescript knows where to find it.
HP Client module from a regular common age to repeat.
So not at a singular age to be but common age.
With that we lock this new client and now back into data storage service where we use it.
Now we can inject it.
So just this year and I'll name it HTP client.
Though you could of course leave the old name.
More important is to type dessous now.
DHP client no longer just HTP.
Therefore we have to adjust to imports here too.
We no longer employed HTP and response from ETS angular HTP.
Instead we import the HP Client from a singular common age just like the module.
Now after we got the client we're injecting it.
Now we can use it.
And let's start with this port request there.
I'll simply replace HP with age to the client and the HTP client still has a put method so we can still
use this put method here and the first argument of that put method still is d u r l and by way you are
just seeing that many options here because there are different ways of configuring this request.
The second argument of the request also still is the body.
So this still works.
We can still pass the body to to put request like this.
So this should still work just by replacing HTP with HTP client.
Now you might not see the difference do the old client or the old HTP object.
And that's just because for this purpose here there is no on of course walk you from the new features.
Later in the section.
Let's first fix to get import here.
Here are also used to the client and this also exposes a get method.
Now here we still pass our.
You are Ls the first argument.
By the way the token still needs to be appended of course because we're still using firebase with authentication.
Now what we can change here however is the response.
It's not of type response.
Instead we can now be explicit about which kind of data we're getting back and we don't want to have
to extract it from the body with response.
Jason.
So I'll get rid of this line here.
Instead I expect to get just the recipes because by default DHP the client will automatically extract
the body off the response.
We can override this behavior if we need access to the full response like to the headers and the status
code.
But for now I'll stick to the default and again the default is to get access to the body data right
away.
It also assumes that we get Jason data.
And again this can be overwritten and it will show you how it works.
Now again here we still use the default though and therefore we know we get recipes.
Now the thing is we know what's inside of recipes we know that is of type recipe you write.
We know that however bad like in recipe array to be precise we could type it like this but we can even
take advantage of a different new feature of this new age to be client typed requests which know which
kind of data we get back.
The get method here actually can be used as a generic method so we can tell the client which type of
data we're getting back and we can't tell it that we will get in our request body will just be an array
of recipes like dat.
Now you see the typescript error down here went away because now DHV client is aware of which data were
getting back.
Hence typescript is able to infer that recipe's here will be of Taieb recipe array and our code should
still work.
Let's try this out.
Let's save this code so that it recompiles and lets first of all see if compilation finishes without
any errors it does.
And now they go back to the application and it quickly log.
I did create a user now under recipes of course Ceder recipes.
Now if I delete this one I click on manage and on fetch and just as a quick note I did save them for
so I do have recipes and firebase for now click fetch.
Here we go.
We get our recipes.
Everything works just as before.
However now using the new HTP client with put and get.
Which are very similar to the old methods but with this nice little addition of being explicit about
which kind of data we get back.
And without the need to manually extract the body of our response because it is done by default.
Now let's dive deeper into this new client and see what else we can configure about our requests and
how we can actually override these defaults.